add api status code description (#1679)
vdaas/vald: docs/api/status.md

Services that return status are:

- [Object Service(only Exists RPC)](../api/object.md#Exists-RPC)
- [Insert Service](../api/insert.md)
- [Remove Service](../api/insert.md)
- [Search Service](../api/search.md)

The timeout configuration is on the Vald cluster side.
If it appears constantly, you need to review the cluster settings.
However, only when using a search service can you overwrite the timeout configuration by lengthening the time setting in the search config.

## NOT_FOUND

`NOT_FOUND` appears when there is no result corresponding to the request.

The example cases are:

- No search result when using SearchById RPC.
- No index data corresponding to the request vector when using Update/Exists/GetObject RPC

Services that return status are:

- [Object Service](../api/object.md)
- [Update Service](../api/update.md)
- [Remove Service](../api/insert.md)
- [Search Service](../api/search.md)

The possible reasons are:

- There is no index data in Vald Agent components or running the indexing process in the Vald Agent components.
  When the Vald Agent component runs the indexing process (createIndex/saveIndex), any process won't run, and it will return with no result.

> - The request query vector or id is wrong when using the search/update/remove service.

Author: ```suggestion
- The request query vector or ID is wrong when using the search/update/remove service.
```

  Notably, both update service and remove service require the ID of vector Vald Agent component already indexed.

## ALREADY_EXISTS

`ALREADY_EXISTS` means that the Vald Agent component already stores the vector index same as the query vector when set `skip_strict_exist_check` as `true` in request config.

Services that return status are:

- [Insert Service](../api/insert.md)
- [Update Service](../api/update.md)

You have to change the query vector with `skip_strict_exist_check` as `true` or set `skip_strict_exist_check` as `false` instead of changing the query vector.

## RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED

> `RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED` means the gRPC message size is more extensive than the limit (default is 4MB).

Author: ```suggestion
`RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED` means the gRPC message size is more extensive than the limit (default is 4 MB).
```

> `RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED` means the gRPC message size is more extensive than the limit (default is 4 MB).

Reviewer: it's not only for gRPC payload resource means payload, network, server resource.

Author: @kpango 
Does that mean in a Vald cluster? Or is it in a general sense?

Reviewer: Its general sense

Author: @kpango I have fixed doc.
could you please review it again?

Reviewer: I think it wrong.
```
means the gRPC message size is more extensive than the limit (default is 4 MB).
```
it not only for gRPC payload

Author: @kpango updated :)

Services that return status are all services.
The most case in the Vald is that the query vector is too large.
In other words, the vector dimension size in configuration is too large.

## INTERNAL

`INTERNAL` appears when some wrong happens in the Vald cluster.

Services that return status are all services.

> If you get it, please verify the state of the Vald cluster.

Reviewer: could you please add warning comment if Internal server error appears, it should be care and research about logs metrics.

- [Search Service](../api/search.md)

The possible reasons are:

- There is no index data in Vald Agent components or running the indexing process in the Vald Agent components.
  When the Vald Agent component runs the indexing process (createIndex/saveIndex), any process won't run, and it will return with no result.
- The request query vector or ID is wrong when using the search/update/remove service.
  Notably, both update service and remove service require the ID of vector Vald Agent component already indexed.

## ALREADY_EXISTS

`ALREADY_EXISTS` means that the Vald Agent component already stores the vector index same as the query vector when set `skip_strict_exist_check` as `true` in request config.

Services that return status are:

- [Insert Service](../api/insert.md)
- [Update Service](../api/update.md)

You have to change the query vector with `skip_strict_exist_check` as `true` or set `skip_strict_exist_check` as `false` instead of changing the query vector.

## RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED

`RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED` means the some resources has been exhausted.

It appears when:

- There is out-of-memory in gRPC payload, or networks, or etc.
- There are some server overload situations.

> - The Sent or received message is larger than configured limit (default is 4MB).

Author: ```suggestion
- The Sent or received message is larger than the configured limit (default is 4 MB).
```

> - The Sent or received message is larger than the configured limit (default is 4 MB).

Author: ```suggestion
- The sent or received message is larger than the configured limit (default is 4 MB).
```

- There is out-of-memory in gRPC payload, or networks, or etc.
- There are some server overload situations.

> - The Sent or received message is larger than configured limit (default is 4MB).

Reviewer 2: I think the wording `Sent` should be `sent`

Author: fixed
